c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\ClassroomBackendApplication.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\config\DatabaseConfig.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\config\DataLoader.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\config\EmailConfig.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\config\FirebaseConfig.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\config\SecurityConfig.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\config\WebConfig.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\config\WebSocketConfig.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\constants\RoleConstants.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\AccomplishmentController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\AdminRequestController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\AssignmentController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\AttendanceController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\AuthController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\BlogController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\ClassController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\ClassroomController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\EducationalRoleController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\GreetingController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\RoleRequestController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\SubmissionController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\TestController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\UserController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\VideoConferenceController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\VietnameseSpeechRecognitionController.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\AccomplishmentDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\ApiResponse.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\AssignmentDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\AttendanceDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\AttendanceSessionDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\BlogDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\ClassroomDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\CreateAssignmentDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\CreateBlogDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\CreateClassroomDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\CreateSubmissionDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\CreateUserDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\GoogleAuthRequestDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\GradeSubmissionDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\JwtResponseDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\LocationDataDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\LoginDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\LoginRequestDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\LoginResponseDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\PasswordConfirmationDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\PasswordResetRequestDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\RegisterDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\RequestDTO.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\RequestResponseDTO.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\StudentRequestFormDTO.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\SubmissionDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\TeacherRequestFormDTO.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\UserDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\assignmentmanagement\AssignmentDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\assignmentmanagement\CreateAssignmentDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\assignmentmanagement\CreateSubmissionDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\assignmentmanagement\GradeSubmissionDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\assignmentmanagement\SubmissionDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\attendancemanagement\AttendanceDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\attendancemanagement\AttendanceSessionDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\classroommanagement\ClassroomDetailsDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\classroommanagement\ClassroomDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\classroommanagement\CourseDetailsDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\classroommanagement\CreateClassroomDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\classroommanagement\ScheduleDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\classroommanagement\SyllabusDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\requestmanagement\RequestDTO.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\usermanagement\UserDetailsDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\dto\usermanagement\UserDto.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\exception\ErrorResponse.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\exception\GlobalExceptionHandler.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\exception\ResourceNotFoundException.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\exception\ValidationErrorResponse.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\filter\JwtAuthenticationFilter.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\Accomplishment.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\Attendance.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\AttendanceSession.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\Blog.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\Classroom.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\ClassroomEnrollment.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\ClassroomEnrollmentId.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\EducationalRole.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\Request.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\SpeechRecognitionResult.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\Submission.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\SystemRequirementsCheck.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\VideoConferenceRoom.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\assignmentmanagement\Assignment.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\assignmentmanagement\Submission.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\attendancemanagement\Attendance.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\attendancemanagement\AttendanceSession.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\classroommanagement\Classroom.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\classroommanagement\Schedule.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\classroommanagement\Syllabus.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\model\usermanagement\User.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\AccomplishmentRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\BlogRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\ClassroomEnrollmentRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\assignmentmanagement\AssignmentRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\assignmentmanagement\SubmissionRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\attendancemanagement\AttendanceRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\attendancemanagement\AttendanceSessionRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\classroommanagement\ClassroomRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\classroommanagement\ScheduleRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\classroommanagement\SyllabusRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\requestmanagement\RequestRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\repository\usermanagement\UserRepository.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\security\BlogPermissionEvaluator.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\security\CustomUserDetailsService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\security\JwtUtil.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\security\UserDetailsImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\security\UserDetailsServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\security\jwt\JwtAuthTokenFilter.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\security\jwt\JwtUtils.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\AccomplishmentService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\AssignmentService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\AttendanceService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\AuthService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\BlogService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\ClassroomService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\EducationalRoleService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\EmailService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\RequestService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\SignalingWebSocketHandler.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\SubmissionService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\UserService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\UserServiceExtension.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\VideoConferenceService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\VietnameseSpeechRecognitionService.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\AssignmentServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\AuthServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\BlogServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\ClassroomServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\EmailServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\RequestServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\SubmissionServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\UserServiceExtensionImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\impl\UserServiceImpl.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\util\ModelMapper.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\util\UserMapper.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\main\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\websocket\VideoConferenceSignalingServer.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\DatabaseConnectivityTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\SqlServerConnectivityTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\VietnameseSpeechRecognitionTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\controller\AttendanceControllerTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\AssignmentServiceTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\AttendanceServiceTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\ClassroomServiceTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\CourseDetailsServiceTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\SubmissionServiceTest.java
c:\Users\darky\Downloads\SEP490\New folder\doproject\src\test\java\com\classroomapp\classroombackend\service\UserServiceTest.java
